DR. JEREMY SINGER: Wow!
We're at the end of the course.
Ohh.
But know we're really happy.
Now we are functional
programmers.
DR. WIM VANDERBAUWHEDE: Over
the past six weeks,
we have been on a
learning journey,
discovering the Haskell
language and the key concepts
of functional programming.
and I hope that your
journey doesn't stop here,
that you will carry on with
functional programming.
DR. JEREMY SINGER: If you
want to keep up with Haskell,
there are plenty of
resources online.
Check out some of
the links below.
The best place to
start is probably
the haskell.org website.
We also recommend you sign up
for the Haskell mailing list.
DR. WIM VANDERBAUWHEDE: However,
the main learning objective
for this course is to enable
you to think functionally.
Now that you have this
functional perspective,
it will change the
way you develop code.
So you might be using list
comprehensions in Python,
lambdas in C++, or
maps and folds in Java.
DR. JEREMY SINGER:
We hope you've
enjoyed taking the course.
We've certainly
enjoyed the experience.
So a final word of valediction.
DR. WIM VANDERBAUWHEDE: May your
functions always type-check.
DR. JEREMY SINGER: May
your stack never overflow.
DR. WIM VANDERBAUWHEDE: And may your
programs always terminate.